Specgen is a command line tool for creating models of statecharts in the
Communicating Sequential Processes (CSP) process calculus.  The tool accepts an
xml file in the format output by Enterprise Architect and and writes a .csp file
to disk.  The output is compatible with FDR3, the Oxford CSP model checker.  FDR
may be used to check the model for general properties, like deadlock-freedom,
divergence freedom and determinism or may be compared with other CSP models
using refinement.

## Installation

Specgen is written in Haskell and can be built with cabal, the Haskell package
manager.  If you already have cabal installed, simply run `cabal install` from
the top-level `specgen` directory.  This should install `specgen` to
`~/.cabal/bin`.  You can add this directory to your path or move the binary
elsewhere.

## Examples

This distribution includes many examples.  See `EXAMPLES.md` for more
information.

## Usage

```
Usage: specgen [OPTIONS] INFILE [OUTFILE]
  -p  --printinput  Display the parsed input statechart
  -h  --help        Diplay this help message
```

The input file should be XML generated by Enterprise Architect.  We have tested
only EA 11.1.  To generate the XML: 

- Open a model
- From the main toolbar, select:   
      Project > Model Import/Export > Export package to XMI

## Credit

Specgen was primarily developed by Brandon Shapiro and Chris Casinghino.

## Contact

specgen is developed by Draper Labs. Contact Chris Casinghino
(ccasinghino@draper.com) for additional information.
